As usual,
all of the exercise files for a Pluralsight course are available
under the exercise files link per that course,
but I've also made all of these examples available under
my GitHub account at this URL here.
You can go ahead and fork this and clone it into your own
desktop and see all of the exercise files that we are
using throughout this course.
It has all of the examples in Java, Kotlin,
the JUnit testing examples, and there's a basic setup file,
although they're usually just Maven or Gradle projects that
you import right into your workspace.
Since we're just getting going in this course,
let's dive into the next module and look at Java and the JDK
versions that Spring 5 now supports and how this has changed the way we use Spring now.